---
id: 00a23d0e-32aa-4eb7-a69e-2a26fd28e466
published: false
title: 'Marketing Assistant'
job_id: JNSC-003
brief_job_description: |-
  An exciting opportunity has opened up for a Marketing Assistant to join our Marketing team at our offices in Preston, Lancashire.

  Reporting to the Marketing Manager, you will be responsible for supporting the delivery of a global marketing plan, with a particular focus on digital marketing activities.
job_description: |-
  Here's what you can expect to be doing...

  ·       Assist with delivering the company’s global marketing plan.

  ·       Creation of high-quality written content for both print and digital channels.

  ·       Creation of graphics, photography and videography using Adobe software for both print and digital channels.

  ·       Plan, create and report on activity for the company’s social media channels to build following and enhance audience engagement.

  ·       Assist with creating and delivering engaging customer campaigns to drive sales activities.
  ·       Assist in the production of printed catalogues, brochures and advertisements.
  ·       Manage image and video libraries and support customer requests for assets
  ·       Assist with preparations for trade shows and exhibitions.
  ·       Liaise with external agencies and suppliers as required.
  ·       Liaising with colleagues in our subsidiary in France.
  ·       Assisting with any other marketing activities as required.

  Here's what you'll get from us...

  ·       £20K-£23K per year dependant on experience
  ·       Private Healthcare Cash Plan
  ·       25 Days Holiday inc 4 day Christmas shutdown + Bank Holidays
  ·       Pension
  ·       Free parking

  Easy apply via LinkedIn, or submit your CV to careers@jonesco-plastics.com using the subject heading 'Marketing Assistant'.

  If you've any questions about the role, please email Becky at rkj@jonesco-plastics.com

  No agencies please.
updated_by: b1671d61-d80a-4045-93e3-2b5d3fa2d941
updated_at: 1628858393
job_markdown: |-
  Here's what you can expect to be doing...

  - Assist with delivering the company’s global marketing plan.
  - Creation of high-quality written content for both print and digital channels.
  - Creation of graphics, photography and videography using Adobe software for both print and digital channels.
  - Plan, create and report on activity for the company’s social media channels to build following and enhance audience engagement.
  - Assist with creating and delivering engaging customer campaigns to drive sales activities.
  - Assist in the production of printed catalogues, brochures and advertisements.
  - Manage image and video libraries and support customer requests for assets
  - Assist with preparations for trade shows and exhibitions.
  - Liaise with external agencies and suppliers as required.
  - Liaising with colleagues in our subsidiary in France.
  - Assisting with any other marketing activities as required.

  Here's what you'll get from us...

  - £20K-£23K per year dependant on experience
  - Private Healthcare Cash Plan
  - 25 Days Holiday inc 4 day Christmas shutdown + Bank Holidays
  - Pension
  - Free parking

  Easy apply via LinkedIn, or submit your CV to careers@jonesco-plastics.com using the subject heading 'Marketing Assistant'.

  If you've any questions about the role, please email Becky at rkj@jonesco-plastics.com

  No agencies please.---
